SYNOPSIS
       #include <stdlib.h>

       void *malloc(size_t size);
       void free(void *ptr);
       void *calloc(size_t nmemb, size_t size);
       void *realloc(void *ptr, size_t size);
       void *reallocarray(void *ptr, size_t nmemb, size_t size);

   Feature Test Macro Requirements for glibc (see feature_test_macros(7)):

       reallocarray():
           Since glibc 2.29:
               _DEFAULT_SOURCE
           Glibc 2.28 and earlier:
               _GNU_SOURCE

DESCRIPTION
       The malloc() function allocates size bytes and returns a pointer to the allocated memory.  The memory is not initialized.  If size is 0, then malloc() returns either NULL, or a unique pointer value that can later be suc‐
       cessfully passed to free().

       The free() function frees the memory space pointed to by ptr, which must have been returned by a previous call to malloc(), calloc(), or realloc().  Otherwise, or if free(ptr) has already been  called  before,  undefined
       behavior occurs.  If ptr is NULL, no operation is performed.

       The  calloc()  function  allocates  memory for an array of nmemb elements of size bytes each and returns a pointer to the allocated memory.  The memory is set to zero.  If nmemb or size is 0, then calloc() returns either
       NULL, or a unique pointer value that can later be successfully passed to free().  If the multiplication of nmemb and size would result in integer overflow, then calloc() returns an error.  By contrast, an  integer  over‐
       flow would not be detected in the following call to malloc(), with the result that an incorrectly sized block of memory would be allocated:

           malloc(nmemb * size);

       The  realloc()  function changes the size of the memory block pointed to by ptr to size bytes.  The contents will be unchanged in the range from the start of the region up to the minimum of the old and new sizes.  If the
       new size is larger than the old size, the added memory will not be initialized.  If ptr is NULL, then the call is equivalent to malloc(size), for all values of size; if size is equal to zero, and ptr is  not  NULL,  then
       the call is equivalent to free(ptr).  Unless ptr is NULL, it must have been returned by an earlier call to malloc(), calloc(), or realloc().  If the area pointed to was moved, a free(ptr) is done.

       The reallocarray() function changes the size of the memory block pointed to by ptr to be large enough for an array of nmemb elements, each of which is size bytes.  It is equivalent to the call

               realloc(ptr, nmemb * size);

       However,  unlike that realloc() call, reallocarray() fails safely in the case where the multiplication would overflow.  If such an overflow occurs, reallocarray() returns NULL, sets errno to ENOMEM, and leaves the origi‐
       nal block of memory unchanged.

RETURN VALUE
       The malloc() and calloc() functions return a pointer to the allocated memory, which is suitably aligned for any built-in type.  On error, these functions return NULL.  NULL may also be returned by a  successful  call  to
       malloc() with a size of zero, or by a successful call to calloc() with nmemb or size equal to zero.

       The free() function returns no value.

       The  realloc()  function returns a pointer to the newly allocated memory, which is suitably aligned for any built-in type, or NULL if the request failed.  The returned pointer may be the same as ptr if the allocation was
       not moved (e.g., there was room to expand the allocation in-place), or different from ptr if the allocation was moved to a new address.  If size was equal to 0, either NULL or a pointer suitable to be passed to free() is
       returned.  If realloc() fails, the original block is left untouched; it is not freed or moved.

       On success, the reallocarray() function returns a pointer to the newly allocated memory.  On failure, it returns NULL and the original block of memory is left untouched.

